To Whom it may concern,

Pursuant to the Right to Know Law (RSA. 91-A), I hereby request the following records:

{{body}}

I am requesting that you waive all applicable fees associated with this request as I believe this request is in the public interest and not for commercial use.  Release of this information is in the public interest because it will contribute significantly to public understanding of government operations and activities. If you deny this request for a fee waiver, please advise me in advance of the estimated charges associated with fulfilling this request. Please send me a detailed and itemized explanation of those charges.

Please respond to this request within five business days. If access to the records I am requesting will take longer, please contact me with information about when I might expect copies or the ability to inspect the requested records.

In the interest of expediency, and to minimize the research and/or duplication burden on your staff, please send records electronically. If this is not possible, upon notification of such, I will provide a mailing address where requested materials may be sent. Additionally, please provide all records as they become available, rather than waiting to send them together.

Per RSA 91-A:4 IV(c) If you deny any portion of this request, please cite the specific exemption used to justify the denial to make each record, or part thereof, available for inspection along with a brief explanation of how the exemption applies to the information withheld.
Please contact me if you have any questions about my request.

{{sign_off}}

Per RSA 91-A, governmental records means “any information created, accepted, or obtained by, or on behalf of, any public body, or a quorum or majority thereof, or any public agency in furtherance of its official function. Without limiting the foregoing, the term “governmental records” includes any written communication or other information, whether in paper, electronic, or other physical form, received by a quorum or majority of a public body in furtherance of its official function, whether at a meeting or outside a meeting of the body. The term “governmental records” shall also include the term “public records.””
